Ah, how could that be?
How much pain does this kid have?
I didn't expect him to fall in love twice
That's not possible.
You don't give any way at all
This, this, this is impossible.
I despise you this time to welcome the door and lose
Lin Feng wins well, well done
It stands to reason that he has a complete martial arts teacher
Can't afford an intermediary at all
So what's going on?
There's lots of uses for this.
peep into the sky
The son needs to be used with caution
Dragon Ball is really amazing
This person just got off the grand gift stage with one hand
I use Dragon Ball to automatically absorb its mind method
With him, he can naturally afford an epee
Hmph boy, are you cheating?
A person who has done a lot of good
If it weren't for cheating
How could it be possible to lift this mysterious iron epee with one hand?
Have the courage to compete with the old man